Interaction Statement

At the beginning of a typical user’s exploration of my artwork, he or she will be shown the white wall of an old apartment with one door and three windows. At the same time, the visual and audio effect of heavy rain, thundering and lightning would make the user feel the bitter cold. Also, crisp and vacant background music emphasize the mystic quality.  On the bottom, the instruction tells the user the story background — you are looking for your friend Alice you have lost touch with. It also tells the user to “knock on the door” in order to enter the door. When the user clicks on the door, he or she will hear the sound of knocks. But there is no any response until the user clicks for the third time. After the third knock, with the image zooming in and a door creak, the user walks into the room.

After the entering the room, the user will see the caption at the bottom guide he or she to use the mouse to click on something to trigger the mechanism. The most important hint is that the user must click on each trigger for specific times to realize the result.  The user could also get tips from the cursor shape changes — when the cursor is on the trigger, it becomes the hand shape. Besides, the flash light following the mouse is the only light source in the dark room, but the user can see the full view of the room when lightning outsides.

On the top center, there is a photo with a framed photograph. When the user clicks on the photo, an enlarged photo of a gracious mom with her baby girl will be shown. Then click on anywhere the photo disappears. Click on the photo again, same as before. However, when the user clicks on the photo for the third time, the photo becomes a scary image of a phantom lady and a baby without a face. There exists a loop of showing normal photo and ghost photo.

In the photo below, a doll is lying on the bed. Click on the doll and the user will hear a girl’s silvery laughter. Click on the doll again, same as before. But when the user clicks on the doll for the third time, the laughter becomes miserable cry and sobbing and will be like this all the time.

A paper card is near the doll. When the user clicks on the paper, an enlarged note saying “I feel strange these nights. It is just like someone in my room…” will be presented. Click on the note repeatedly, always the same as before. On the bed table, the user could see a book. Click on the book, the cover of a book named In Search of the Unknown is shown. It is a module for the Dungeons & Dragons roleplaying game written by Robert W Chambers.

As the hint provided before, the user must remember to click on each trigger several times. Only after the user takes up on the book for at least three times and picks up the note for at least three times, then he or she click on the window could see the ghost shadow. At the same time, the user can see a hint saying “Do you find the pass code? Try to enter it” at the left bottom corner and bloody red “E” “V” “I” “L” on the wall. The user should type the “E” “V” “I” “L” in order and the characters will disappear accordingly. 

Only if the user clicks on the window of each side for at least once, clicks on the doll for more than three times, clicks on the photo for more than twice and finish entering “E” “V” “I” “L”, the model on the right side can be triggered. When the user clicks on the model, the full screen becomes to all black. If the user clicks the mouse randomly, an extremely huge and horrible ghost face will be shown with evil laughter. 

That is all for my artwork.
